I hate are.na, I hate letterboxxed, I hate goodreads, I hate mastodon, I hate tiktok, I especially hatee Instagram, fuck it, I even hate github. 

These are thoughts I've had engaging with social sites. Doesn't matter what site it is, as long as I am aware that someone I know, (god forbid, personally know) is going to see it, it changes from that point on. Something about posting something and knowing—Just knowing that it will be seen by someone triggers a performance. I want to say I am a "curator" or a "shit poster" but in reality, I am just painfully aware. I have channels on are.na that I make public only when I know what I posted is something good, worth sharing. If my opinions about a movie are poetic and cryptic enough, so as to not be perceived as positive or negative. My impulsivities have many times led me to give up and unfollow, delete, unarchive, hide. I'm not foolish enough to think I am hiding from the surveillance state, but I feel like a fool hiding from the eyes that will look at my words, my interests, my happenings and think about them in relation to "me".

If I remember correctly, I made my first Instagram account when I was 13. @littlecutebear123 was my first instagram handle and the first memory I have of using social media as a performative tool. Back then, it was much more straightforward. "This is Ayesha, she's my best friend." Says the caption of one of my first posts. The photo is a stock image of a sunset with a  silhouette of two hands making a heart shape; Ayesha is tagged in the centre of the heart. Never-mind, I guess back then, it was just as straightforward as it is now. Except this time, I only do it once a year, when I remind myself to make an impression. And this time, I am much more cryptic about who is in the photos, what the photos are, and why I am posting it in the first place. A big part of this is because I am horrified by my own online pictorial activity, but an undeniable part of it is due to my own fragility. Yet, I delude myself into a moral superiority. 

Of course, this isn't true all the time. Deleting Instagram from my phone has significantly made my life less sufferable, and I recommend to anyone. This blog has given me a space to candidly share my toils and troubles without the fear and shame that I have come to associate with the social network. Here I don't know if someone is actually reading, or admiring the way words and sentences complete to make beautiful paragraphs and pretty colours. Here, only I know why the colour of a blog post is what it is, the only person who's eyes and perceptions I can keep track of is mine. But even I know, there is a suffering behind that thinking.

Another part of the poison is being a passive observer to the people I spend time observing. I love seeing what my friends are working on, I love seeing what movies they've seen, but then something shifts and I apply a performance filter into my thinking. I watch them from a third perspective "this is what they want me to see". This is especially true for people, ironically enough, like me, who post publicly rarely. *When your voice is scarce, it is all the more louder when you speak.* This over analytical lens comes from a mixture of depleted self worth, people pleasing tendencies and overall guilt and shame. "This person wants everyone to know that this is *their* thing now"  "This person posted this in a specific order to make you an unimportant element" "You are not this persons priority" There is a part of me, that by putting up these filters is protecting me from what traumatic situation it believes might reoccur any second. "If I expect the worst, it can't come back to bite me." So instead of treating it with judgement, I try to be curious with it. 

When I sense myself starting to perform, or judging someone else for what I believe is their own performance, I vocalize or write it down without hesitation in my thinking. "this is an objectively good essay, I am going to add it to my public library channel so that whoever sees it knows that I am reading something profound, they will think I'm smart and ask me about it and maybe we can have a conversation about it." Though it sounds fairly innocent, this thought stems from a crippling need to be validated and secure in my worth. FMI, To this day, I have never had a anyone ask about something I posted in my are.na library, but that doesn't stop me from thinking it, every time. When I first became aware of this, I made all my channels private. Even if I was posting something that I knew my friends would find cool, I didn't cave. This, did not help. This was a band-aid solution. The real solution is, the harder work of undoing the conditioning. To undo years of feeling and accepting self-worthlessness,  yearning for and valuing acceptance and validation from certain people, embodying the enemy to beat the enemy at their own game.

When I feel it come up, I smile at it and acknowledge it as it passes by in the stream of consciousness "A feeling of worthlessness has arisen within me" "I am noticing I am yearning for acceptance inside me" "I am embodying an unwholesome energy". This way, I know that it is not an outside force, but a part of me that is trying to speak up, I have to listen intently at what she has to say with curiosity and compassion.

on my birthday I cried while listening to "all night long by" Jenny Haval

I did it again, fabricated my life to prove myself worthy to someone. This is killing me. Why do I need to pretend to be some one Im not, just to feel validated by my friends, friends who are supposed to love me unconditionally, but I fear that they see me as un worthy of intellectual endevors. It;s not my fault that they see me as such.

I started going to just about any movie, just to emerge afterward to a day that had advanced another couple of turns. gaunt pedantic
I don’t mind it when people put on an act.  Was it an act when I claimed that I liked knowing the names of things?
She was a devoted smoker.  Smoking was something holy for her, something to make her sacred. I could see the big hurry she was in to get out of my life.
The love was about as unbending and immaterial as anything else.
I wasn’t in my own mind, or at least not always at home in it.  It scares me when people say they’ve been thinking about me, because whenever I find myself starting to think about people, it usually involves tugging them this way and that crackpot erotica
I kept waiting for something interesting to show up on the bodies.  I must have been expecting a natural wonder of some kind.obscurata in her eyes
she had a way of saying things that made you feel bad about the way you did them